.\" appbar - a small application launcher
.\" by Frank Hale
.\" Released under the terms of the GNU GPL. www.gnu.org
.\" Free software! Please see README for details and license. --
.TH aewm++_appbar 1
.SH "NAME"
aewm++_appbar \- a small application launcher
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.BI aewm++_appbar

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B appbar
is a small application launcher. It uses small 16x16 pixmaps to form
icons so that you can quickly launch your favorite programs.

NOTE: Currently using any other size pixmap will result in unwanted behavior in
that the appbar main window will not have proper placement of those icons.

To change the list of icons, edit the file
.B /etc/X11/appbar/appbar.rc

The install process installs some pixmaps into
.B /usr/share/appbar/images/
, these are 16x16 pixmaps for use with the appbar. They were downloaded from
.B http://wm-icons.sourceforge.net/data/wm-icons-current/icons/16x16-general/
and are GPL'd.

.SH "RC FILE SYNTAX"

The resource file syntax is simple. A definition of an icon looks like the
following.

use vertical_placement or horizontal_placement to customize the appbar
look.

.sp 1n
.PD 0
.TP
	icon {
.TP
		image = images/terminal.xpm;
.TP
		execute = xterm -bg black -fg white -ls;
.TP
	}
.PD
.LP

Inside the icon construct you have two additional variables. The first variable
is the name of the image followed by an equals sign then the path and filename
of the xpm followed by a semi-colon.

The second variable is execute. Its syntax is similar in that the only
difference from images is the path to the executable you wish this icon to
launch when clicked.

For appbar placement use the following commands in the rc file.

.sp 1n
.PD 0
.TP
.B
	Appbar Style
.TP
		vertical_placement
.TP
		horizontal_placement
.sp 1n
.TP
.B
	Appbar Screen Placement
.TP
		northwest_placement
.TP
		northeast_placement
.TP
		southwest_placement
.TP
		southeast_placement
.PD
.LP

To configure a different background gradient for the appbar use the following commands.

.sp 1n
.PD 0
.TP
	appbar_color_from {
.TP
		red=99;
.TP
		green=99;
.TP
		blue=99;
.TP
	}
.sp 1n
.TP
	appbar_color_to {
.TP
		red=cc;
.TP
		green=cc;
.TP
		blue=cc;
.TP
	}
.PD
.LP

NOTE: image and execute variables are ended with a semi-colon. The icon construct is
enclosed in braces.

Usage: Appbar is extremely simple to use. When icons are clicked they launch
applications associated with them. When the grill is clicked (at the right edge)
it shades the window to the upper left corner. Clicking it again unshades it to
its original size. Middle clicking on the grill will close the application.

Gradient Theme: Appbar takes advantage of blackbox's image gradient code. You
can configure a different color theme only by editing appbar.cc in the appbar
constructor.

Appbar uses a default icon which was taken from fspanel, credit goes to the
author for it. This icons purpose is a fail safe backup incase the requested
icon cannot be found.

.SH "RC FILE EXAMPLE"

.sp 1n
.PD 0
.TP
	vertical_placement
.TP
	northwest_placement
.sp 1n
.TP
	appbar_color_from {
.TP
		red=99;
.TP
		green=99;
.TP
		blue=99;
.TP
	}
.sp 1n
.TP
	appbar_color_to {
.TP
		red=cc;
.TP
		green=cc;
.TP
		blue=cc;
.TP
	}
.sp 1n
.TP
	icon {
.TP
		image = /usr/X11/share/appbar/images/terminal.xpm;
.TP
		execute = xterm -bg black -fg white -ls;
.TP
	}
.sp 1n
.TP
	icon {
.TP
		image = /usr/X11/share/appbar/images/netscape.xpm;
.TP
		execute = /opt/mozilla/./mozilla;
.TP
	}
.PD
.LP

.SH "AUTHOR"
appbar is supplied with aewm++ by Frank Hale <frankhale@yahoo.com>.
It was renamed to aewm++_appbar.

.SH "WEBSITE"
http://sapphire.sourceforge.net/
